animals and humans seeking safety side
by side Israel's Relentless attacks
forcing displaced Palestinians to
shelter with monkeys and lions at
rafao I'm not scared because the animals
here are more merciful than the tanks
and ples of the Israeli enemy who strike
without prior warning and without Mercy
with full force and cruelty against our
people there are many families who have
been completely wiped out now all our
families are staying at this Zoo living
amongst the animal is more merciful than
the plains in the
sky despite suffering from chronic
hunger themselves time is found to care
for the animals but for many the fine
likee conditions are too much four
monkeys have died from starvation a
fifth is barely
alive the animals are struggling just to
survive but what about humans we have a
dying monkey due to a lack of food he's
being fed by hand because he cannot eat
on his own these scenes are painful and
difficult to see it's painful for both
humans and
animals the lions are so hungry that the
newly born cubs aren't expected to
survive the zoo vit says the mother may
be forced to eat
them as for the conditions here it is
very tragic there is a food water and
Medicine shortage for the Lions we try
to offer them a meal per
sometimes we cannot we feed them dry
bread soaked in water just to keep them
alive the situation is
tragic the zoo's owner says the
situation is only going to get worse due
to the lack of food both for the animals
and for the displaced Palestinians who
have been forced to seek safety with
them Alex beard Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer